a secure platform to communicate, collaborate, and access information.

feed:
	show posts
	create post
	like post
	comment on post
	save post

	tags

dept vs personal

Workspace : share docs, calendars, video conferencing and document editing

communication: -send message-, share documents and engage in -discussions-

Info repo : Quick search for the info you need. // Policies, procedures and reference materials

News and Updates: latest news, announcemnets, events with NCC

Employee directory : connect with colleagues, find contact info, dept details and even professional bios to enhance networking and collab


Secure Access: Authentication

Mobile accessibility


---

refs
https://player.vimeo.com/video/838243265
https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ten-best-government-intranets/
https://www.myhubintranet.com/planning-your-intranet/
https://www.gluo.mx/en-US/blog/que-es-el-look-y-feel-y-por-que-es-importante
https://www.pinterest.com/chepulis/interface-look-and-feel/

---

Strategies include:

1. Identify a lead publisher (and supporting publishers) in each organization area who's responsible for content in his or her area (London Underground).
2. Train the lead publishers to manage the intranet and to understand principles for online content usability and readability (London Underground).
3. For intranet postings, use a simple and easy form to encourage employees to submit information (the National Research Council of Canada, Industrial Research Assistance Program).

4. Make it easy for employees to update the staff directory with information about their areas of expertise and special interests so others can find experts quickly (U.S. Senate Republican Conference).
5. Set expiration dates for all content and use software to automatically track those dates (Department for Victorian Communities, Australia).
6. Centralize content editing to ensure its quality (U.K. Department for Transport).
7. Review pages before posting to guarantee compliance with intranet standards (U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Mid-Atlantic Health Care Network).
8. Use templates and a content management system (CMS) to provide a consistent user interface for publishing (most winners).
9. Rely on automated content feeds from outside sources, such as filtered newswires (Government Offices of Sweden) or medical databases (U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Mid-Atlantic Health Care Network).


------


1. improve usability by restructuring the intranet's information architecture to focus on job support.
2. group content and tools that are used together in the same intranet area, even if different departments supply the information. 

	- For example, the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board of Ontario created a special Manager's Page with various forms, procedures, and tips for supervisors. The same intranet also had a professional practices page for nurse case managers.

3. base intranet structure on workflow 
4. calendar of events
5. look-and-feel design